hello and welcome to the unisys end user
productivity workshop we're going to
show you how Eunice's and user
productivity services or e ups freeze
end users of corporate IT to be more
productive while at the same time
lowering cost of ownership but first I'd
like to find out how you work most
productively let's ask excuse me sir yes
what's he doing well I'm working on a
report for next month's management
summit which means i have to crunch some
numbers access data do some online
research create a word doc and I'm up
against a deadline Wow the questions
just wondering I mean here it is 832
p.m. and you're the last one left in the
office so I was curious as to what was
going on what's going on I'll tell you
what's going on I got a job to do and
everything I need to do it is in this
box so here I am at the office sitting
with my box getting it done that's
what's going on any more questions um no
I don't think so Wow there's one testy
guys version of productivity being
chained to his company programmed
company-issued pc hey buddy I'm not
chained I can leave anytime I want to
really see now back to work Wow a whole
step look you don't have to be here in
the office till all hours you could
choose to work from home or you can on a
second that's impossible how am I
supposed to get my box home oh boy now
even though a lot of guys like this one
feel most comfortable at their desks
using their over liable apps on their Oh
reliable pcs most companies are
harnessing the cloud to deliver a lot
more flexibility through virtualized
desktop software as a service and other
innovations so our T departments don't
have to load apps on every machine every
time there's an upgrade and users don't
have to be chained to their pcs there
you go now you're free to roam wow you
mean I don't have to sit here well you
can if you want to but you don't have to
but where will I go just about anywhere
how about here in this coffee shop Wow
well my new box work here absolutely and
you can still have access to your big
box when you're at your desk have access
to all of your software and your data
first I'm thinking we get you dressed
for a new life Wow groovy groovy groovy
okay so while he's getting used to his
new world let's review a little IT
services companies like unisys have been
helping companies free users like this
one from their PC boxes in their
cubicles wow this is cool and giving
them access to more technology while at
the same time lowering cost of ownership
and users like this one are beginning to
come around to appreciate the change
excuse me but as this guy's about to
find out that's still not enough to
satisfy a forward-thinking company with
more sophisticated end-users Thanks
that's why in our next installment will
learn more about how end user
productivity services make life better
for all sorts of people look at me I'm
drinking coffee and being productive see
you then